what's clear bias Mimico star green bets
gotta the other day and I guess you guys
that came in here for cuz you got one
know how to grab every single board in
2k15 my part now this I'm not it's not
going to be showing up for this
character because this is like my new
guy you know say it's like yeah this is
my new guy I just made like I said you
sum over all so I time I center out here
I'd be better it'd be better you know
better way to show you got cuz I grabbed
a single board it's a glitch guys
appreciate you seen many people doing it
you want the hard do it yourselves try
her to say he's teaming at the bar here
just stay under the basket and hold the
circle button the whole time now that's
here that's an idiot right there man if
i'm doing that as you see a teammate
doing that and he's big shoot the ball
you feeling me if he's big he's eating
on the basket just you don't like like I
hate to doing that pic cheese on a
basket shoot the ball that's why i doing
shoot the ball that's what they want you
they want you to the ball you got this
right here you see I am on the best
where you see i'm ninety-nine percent
guarantee you in a powerful a small 475
says my new guy only have rebounding
stats on your mayor all right now but I
thought my Center I grabbed every board
doing that glitch guys I go gangs going
like getting 12 rebounds on that glitch
the whole game guys I'm telling you all
you have to do is stand under the basket
hold circle on the best message in the
pic crap I know how you do a pic just
holding the best and if you're big man
you it's easy rebounds you got I didn't
know my point guard am i shooting on my
shooting guard I was grab a mat boards
on the glitch so like I say you see how
you bet you the ball you see will you do
that you get when you do the pic crap
you get in front your defender that's
why that's why it's so helpful you'll
grab every single born up oh my gosh so
but sometimes if the guys bigger than
you then a curve a little bit harder it
kind of depends are gonna go down to it
but if you are big man 73 is somewhat
that man you got to add the brewery
diaries from Tom hope you guys like the
video subscribe to you guys a new
and I see you guys in my next video
peace it hard up here some of that
ground please guys